Version 2.10.1
Re Release of the system. 

Version 2.13.0
Updated Spanish Language file. Thanks to @Nerfyon Ban Solo#3091
Updated Swedish Language file. Thanks to @Sajkiq#5977
Added optional Critical rolls as a system setting.  This is part of the Optional rules to:
On Hits - add 1d6 damage of a roll of 1 and display a critical failure message on a roll of 20 (free hit for opponent)
On Defence - display a critical Success message on a roll of 1 (free hit for character) and display a critical failure message on a roll of 20 (+3 Damage)
See page 179 of the core rulebook for further details. 

Thanks to @khaali#8262: 
Controlling attributes for Initiative and Defence are now selectable.  
Added Qualities tab to Weapons with checkboxes for each quality. 
Currently these do not add modifiers but will enable those changes in the future.   
The existing Quality text field on the Stats tab still controls what appears on the character sheet. 

Version 2.13.1
Corrected issue where Boons were being shown as Bane on the Character sheet.
Updated Swedish language pack. Thanks to @Sajkiq#5977 
Chat message adjustments (font size and boldness). Thanks to @Sajkiq#5977

Version 2.14.0
With Thanks to @khaali#8262 :
Changed artifact sheet. An artifact always has several powers, usually 2 or 3, each with its specific status (active, passive, reactive...) and its specific corruption gain. 
Added 3 power tabs, with 3 power descriptions, active status, and corruption gain.
Added a field 'number' on equipment and weapons, in order to keep track of consumables. 

With thanks to @Bithir#2454 :
Typo Impending -> Impeding
Bonus to stats was not taken into consideration when calculating toughness, corruption threshold and abomination, and defence.

My bit:
Updated Character and Monster sheets Gear tab to display new Artifact format and the equipment quantity field.

Version 2.15.0
Thanks to @Bithir :
Text alterations to avoid "Is Active" for abilities/traits/mystical abilities as it confuses people with Core book term "Active" - instead use "Learned" (abilities, mystical powers) or "Acquired" (traits)
Bonus alterations includes:
Allowance for bonus on max corruption (as is in the case of Strong gift)
Experience - for rebated abilities/boons/burdens
Alternative sheet has support for:
Automatic calculations for experience spend
Separation of exp gained & spent on re-rolls/artifacts
Alternate Character sheet shows experience calculations for Traits/Boons/Burden. Currently this is not set by default.


Version 2.1.16
Great news @Bithir and @khaali have joined the development team and have a lot of great things planned for the future.  
Bug fix for Monster not registering experience requirements after initial login
Configurable options:
- Rare crit
- No guaranteed success/failure flag
- Crit/fail for non-combat elements
- Damage modifiers in roll dialogue
- Allowance of favour/disfavour in roll dialogue
- Automated Support for quality Precise & deep impact
- Hide fields when not in use (no target selected, etc. etc)

NOTE: Configuration options are unset by default. 

Version 2.17.0
First major update to the Symbaroum system by Bithir and Khaali who have been working hard to improve the GM and user Experience and make the system overall easier to use and more informative.   
1) Character sheet v2 made as default.  Character sheet 1 will stay, but will be less maintained going forward
2) Tooltips for various character sheet input fields, including breakdowns if there is bonus or malus applicable
3) German language additions, a big thank you to @DasTorfu on Symbaroum Discord
4) Swedish language additions, a big thank you to @Weymyss and @Krister Persson on The Foundry Discord.
5) Dice breakdowns added on tooltips
6) Boons and burdens now support levels
7) Some quality-of-life enhancements for rolling attribute dice
8) Compendiums in French, German and English for Abilities, Powers and Traits (no descriptions)
9) Abilities and Powers now have a Roll button which (currently for some of them. More to come.) takes into account all modifiers on the roll and can affect damage, healing, corruption and status icons. This is the first step in automating abilities.
10) Improved chat messages and effects buttons.
11) Spanish language additions, a big thank you to kufferino.
12) Enhanced combat chat and effects on characters and Monsters.

Please see the User Guide in the Symbaroum for FVTT system users guides Compendium for more information.

Version 2.18.o
Updated comparability flag.
Corrected issue where packs were not included in the zip package. 
